OK, so let's actually copy our logging script and name it trap.sh script.
Then let's go look at that.  So rid of this first line, you can add a trap and then you're going to put what
you want to run.
So we want to run our info thing and we're just going to say 'Cancelling'.
So this is going to run our info function from right here.
And then it's just going to say 'Cancelling...' just so you can know it.
So this could be really any function or code that you want.
And then this SIGINT, that just means if somebody is going to press Control+C in the middle of
your script, this is a way to run something when that happens.
So let's get rid of this.
And for right now, I'm just going to make the script do a 'sleep' so you can see how this works.
So 'trap.sh'
So now it's just sleeping for 15 seconds, but if I hit Control+C.
Then it'll just say 'Cancelling...' and then that gets appended to that log.
That log should be there... [To self] Canceling, cancelling.
So here we're just doing some simple text to the screen, but, you know, you might want to be able
to run a function--you could run your cleanup function here if it wasn't too destructive, really,
you could put whatever code you want right in there and we'll run it when someone hits
Control+C.
So let's actually add that in here
so we know.
Here we go.
It's--those are traps.